[community] Checkbox for list of contributors. (#179)
ARM-software/acle: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

      instructions on [how to build the PDFs
      locally](../CONTRIBUTING.md#continuous-integration)).
* [ ] The pull request is done against the branch `next-release`.

> * [ ] Please *DO NOT* add my GitHub profileto the list of contributors

Author: ```suggestion
* [ ] Please *DO NOT* add my GitHub profile to the list of contributors
```

>       in the [README](../README.MD#contributors-) page of the project.

Author: @kbeyls, do you think about this?
